build: integrate whiskers (#2)
catppuccin/dmenu: README.md

## Usage

1. Clone this repository locally

> 2. Copy the contents of the selected flavour (from `themes/`) to your `config.h` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy the contents of your flavor of choice from [`themes/`](./themes/) to your `config.h` file
```
